hi everyone it's me Jen and on Sundays I
get a little anxious because Monday is
coming ahead so what I like to do to
ease that ping of anxiety is to pamper
myself and one of my favorite ways to do
that is with a face mask and today I'm
gonna be showing you three different
ways to treat your skin my first mask is
lushes mask of Magnum NT and this is one
of my favourite masks because it's a
really great one for acne prone skin or
just for days when you really want
something that's deep cleansing what I
like to do is just apply it onto my face
and when you apply it it cut it goes on
a little bit dark green and as it dries
it's going to just turn into a lighter
shade and that's when you know it's done
and so I leave this on for maybe 15 or
20 minutes and I'll read a book I'll
just lounge around the house until it's
finally dried so let's say I have a
really big high-pressure event on Monday
I'm gonna bring out the big guns and use
SK twos facial treatment mask I swear by
this stuff this is the mess that I wear
on the plane to a trip and I want to
make sure my skin is good because this
guy is just amazing and these packets
are definitely a splurge but they're
worth it when you really need them and
when you open it it just comes out as
this big scary mask it has to be on your
skin for 20 minutes but I would even say
push it to 30s so get comfortable grab
yourself some tea and just pamper and
relax that's it and after you remove the
mask there's still gonna be that residue
on your face so just get the extra and
just kind of rub it all around your neck
because you want to have those
components on your neck as well because
there's anti-aging properties in there
so you don't want your neck to be
sagging in your face firm you want
everything to be on point so just make
sure you really use up everything that's
on it if you don't feel like splurging
on a mask you definitely do some DIY
tricks one DIY mask I love to do is the
cucumber mask and it's just a really
great mask for hydration so if in the
summer or the winter and your skin is
feeling a little bit dry and patchy the
cucumber mask is perfect
have to do is get a cucumber wash it off
and then try it to cut it as thin as as
possible once you've sliced the
cucumber's just apply it on your face
and just kind of use the different
shapes to kind of maneuver it and just
cover your entire face and I like to
leave the cucumber's on for maybe 20
minutes just so all the cucumber water
soaks in if your eyes are really puffy
too you can just slap two cucumbers on
your eyes and it will just cool them
down thank you so much for joining me on
what I like to do on a Sunday to pamper
and if you have any favorite masks or
DIYs that you like to do please comment
down below because I would love to read
about it I'm always open for new
suggestions if you'd like the video
please subscribe to refine in 29 and
I'll see you next time bye